hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals in today's video we're going to
give you a full play-by-play summary on
the sci-fi horror movie called the thing
with a thick thick air of intense
paranoia and jaw-dropping monster
effects work the thing stands as one of
the greatest films of both the horror
and science fiction genres warning this
is a spoiler alert but at least you will
get to know what the movie is about and
whether you want to watch it or not hope
you enjoy
in the opening shot an alien spaceship
flies through space and enters earth's
atmosphere near antarctica whether or
not the ship crashes or lands on earth
is unknown
in antarctica during the winter of 1982
a helicopter flies hurriedly after a
husky the man riding next to the pilot
shoots a rifle and drops grenades hoping
to kill the dog the dog runs toward an
american research base outpost 31 where
a 12-man research crew is getting ready
for the upcoming winter the helicopter
which they see is from a norwegian
research base flies in and lands the
americans watch puzzled as two men
emerge from the helicopter jabbering
frantically in their native language one
of them pulls the pin on a grenade but
clumsily throws it behind him as the
pilot frantically tries to find it in
the snow it explodes killing him and
taking a helicopter with it the other
man continues shooting his rifle
hysterically and talking frantically no
one can understand what he is saying and
the man shoots bennings in his left leg
the camp leader gary shoots and kills
the gibbering man in defense
puzzled about why the norwegians were
trying to kill the dog mack the team's
helicopter pilot and their doctor copper
go to investigate the norwegian base the
whole base has been gutted by fire and
explosions as there are holes in several
of the walls in the interior of the
complex there is also a fire axe stuck
into one of the walls everyone is dead
one of them had barricaded himself in
the radio room and is still sitting
frozen in his chair his wrists and
throats slit in an apparent suicide mac
and copper explore further finding a
large and empty block of ice outside in
the snow along with one or two burned
human bodies mack and copper find the
burnt and frozen corpse of a twisted
creature not man but not beast either
they break it back to their own base for
examination an autopsy performed by
biologists blair reveals nothing more
than a normal set of internal organs
despite deformed distorted exterior
that night the new stray husky is locked
in a kennel with the team's sled dogs
the other dogs soon react with fear is
the new addition growling and snarling
the new dog suddenly transforms into a
hideous creature with tentacles and
crowds legs and starts attacking the
other dogs the incident is discovered by
dog handler clark who watches horrified
mac hears the sounds of the things
unworldly grown and the cries of the
other dogs and he immediately responds
by sounding the fire alarm waking up the
entire camp who converge on the kennel
where they see the hideous dog-like
creature seemingly consuming the other
sled dogs
part of the creature separates from the
rest and pulls itself up through the
ceiling after shooting at the beast with
their guns the thing is burned the
flamethrower an autopsy done by blair on
the things remains reveals its secret
the thing is an alien organism that
imitates other life forms by attacking
and either digesting or dissolving them
and reshaping its image to appear in the
animal or person it kills
the team also watches a videotape of the
norwegian team working at a remote
location forming a circle around an
object in the ice and using thermite
charges to uncover it the following day
mack flies with palmer and norris to the
site where the norwegians were working
they find an alien spaceship in the open
crater and repelled down to look around
mack asks nora's how long the ship has
been entombed norris estimates that it's
been there for at least 100 000 years
up above the crash site they find a
block of the ice cap missing where the
thing was discovered and removed by the
norwegians back at outpost 31 mack
theorizes that the norwegians awaken the
creature after thawing its ice block and
it immediately began to attack them
that evening blair studies cells from
the thing and watches them attack and
replicate other kinds of cells on his
computer
typing his report into his computer the
computer replies that the possibility
that one or more team members may be
infected by the alien organism is seven
to five percent and that if the alien
reached civilization the earth's
population will be infected and taken
over by the alien organism 27 000 hours
around 37 months just over three years
after first contact the team decides to
place the creature's remains in a
storage room the assistant biologist
futz asks to speak privately with mac he
tells mac that he's been looking through
blair's notes and found that blair
believes the organism's cells are still
alive and active in the burned remains
of both creatures blair has also
theorized that the alien might have
imitated a thousand other life forms
across space
while windows and bennings prepare the
room to store the remains recovered from
the norwegian base it begins to move
under the blanket it's been covered with
windows returns to the room to find
bennings being attacked wrapped in
tentacles
windows gets the other team members but
bennings has escaped from the storage
room window they find him in the snow
his transformation by the alien nearly
complete except for his hands which are
hideously large and grotesque shapes
mack and the team incinerate him alive
and then burn the remains of the two
other creatures along with him realizing
that something like this could take over
the world if it got out blair seemingly
loses his mind killing the surviving
sled dogs and destroying the helicopter
and the communications equipment
injuring windows in the process trapping
the crew without hope of rescue the
others seeing him as a threat subdue him
walking in the camps to shed and sedate
him the next morning fear and paranoia
circulates around the camp as nobody
knows who may be the thing or who isn't
that copper suggests that he develop a
blood serum test to see who might be
infected
copper finds that the blood bags in the
lab have been slashed open making their
contents useless
copper believes that someone
deliberately destroyed the blood to
prevent the test from happening
gary and copper become suspects because
of their access to the blood storage
while clark is regarded with suspicion
because of his proximity to the
imitation dog
all three are quarantined by mack who
takes over as the de facto leader of the
team to find out who may be the thing
when a whiteout storm an antarctic storm
resembling a winter hurricane hits the
camp and the outside temperature drops
severely they are forced to anchor down
all of them continuing to be paranoid
and distrustful of one another mack
talks to future who only has a few weak
theories from blair's notes futz
recommends that everyone prepares their
own meals and eat only out of cans
the following evening fudge trying to do
research on how the thing can reproduce
and multiply his way laid when one of
the unseen infected persons disables the
power to the lab and going after it
fetch is killed off camera and his
charred body is found outside in the
snow a few hours later by mac nalls and
windows either the thing burned futch to
death or futch burned himself in suicide
to prevent him from being taken over
mack tells windows to return to the main
building while he goes with nals to his
shack to investigate when he left two
days before he turned out the lights and
they're back on
sometime later nulls returns to the camp
nearly collapsing because of the cold he
tells the others he found ragged and
dirty clothing with max name on it in
the oil furnace inside max shack
as they were struggling back to the main
compound nulls cut max safety line and
made a break for it
mack is locked outside and breaks the
window in a storeroom to enter he arms
himself with a small bundle of dynamite
and threatens to blow himself and the
rest of them up if they don't back away
when childs and the others rebel against
mack and to express their suspicion that
he may be the thing norris collapses
when he appears to have heart attack
when doctor copper tries to revive him
using defibrillator paddles nora's chest
suddenly opens up into a monstrous mouth
and fights off copper's arms
mac uses a flame floor to destroy the
norris thing leaving only its head which
detashes sprouts spider-like legs and
tries to crawl away before it is
destroyed as well
at this point mack leads the others in a
test to determine who is infected
he suggests that everyone give a blood
sample and then those blood samples be
poked with a hot piece of wire the
theory is that each part of the thing
will try to survive independently and
therefore the blood would transform to
defend itself
clark makes an attempt on max life with
a scalpel he is shot and killed by mack
everyone is tied up including the dead
clark and copper while the test is
performed
windows is the first to be tested and
turns out to be human back arms him with
another flamethrower to torch anyone who
might be a thing as matt continues the
test
testing the dead bodies of clark and
copper whom are not infected he openly
accuses gary being a duplicate but
instead finds that palmer is a thin
clone as palmer transforms max flame for
her misfires and windows hesitates to
kill the palmer thing the palmer thing's
entire head splits open and turns into a
giant mouth biting window's head
mack manages to get his flamethrower
working and sets the palmer thing on
fire which crashes through the wall to
die in the snow which mack then blows up
with a stick of dynamite
mac is then forced to torch windows with
the other flame thrower since he is now
infected and the thing is assimilating
his body
mack and the three remaining survivors
childs gary and alls are revealed to be
not infected while ordering childs to
stay behind to watch the camp mack gary
and nalls go to check on blair to give
him the blood test and discover the shed
empty blair had escaped through the
floor and was secretly building a small
spacecraft in the tunnels under the camp
they are confused when they see childs
running off into the storm but at that
moment the compound's power suddenly
turns off it is then they realize that
blair is the last thing creature and
that it wants to freeze into hibernation
until the rescue team finds it since it
has no way out
finally realizing how pervasive the
infection is and that there is little
chance for survival it is proposed that
they blow up the base to prevent the
thing from freezing again
mac nalls and gary begin setting fire to
the complex with molotov cocktails
in venturing down into the basement of
the camp to set tnt charges gary is
killed by the infected blair knolls
disappears and is never seen again
bat comes face to face with the huge
tentacle blair slash thing which
destroys his detonator in a last-ditch
effort mack throws a lighted stick of
dynamite at it both the thing and the
rest of the compound explode but mack
survives he stumbles to his ruined shack
to find childs there who claims he had
seen blair and had gotten lost in the
storm running after him
neither of them know whether the other
is the thing and they both sit ready
opposite and facing each other ready to
kill the other at the first sign
mack is definitely not the thing but
there is a strong possibility that
childs might have been taken over when
he wandered off earlier it takes swigs
from a bottle of whiskey as the camera
shows a wide shot of the camp in flames
both men exhausted and wary of each
other sit among the burning wreckage
waiting for the fires to go out in the
winter whether to consume them on that
dark note along with a long drawn-out
laugh from mac the thing comes to a
close
the end hope you enjoyed watching this
movie recap make sure to comment below
and don't forget to hit the like button
it might not seem like much but it
really helps us out with the algorithm
and allows more people to find our
videos thanks for watching and see you
again soon